ok youtube i'm going to show you how to
take your phone out of DFU mode and put
it back on to regular running condition
and then I'm also going to show you how
to enter recovery mode with a legitimate
itunes connecting cable towards itunes
logo right now i am in dfu mode you can
tell because i'll stay here and a holdup
power button no apple logo will come on
one two three four five nothing neck
alright so what you're going to do is
just can continuously hold the home and
power button with no certain a lot of
time until the apple logo comes on
now I don't know if you heard my
computer recognize it but by then you do
know that your eye to your iTunes your
iphone ipod is in any kind of working
condition so you know that everything is
safe and recognized and that the apple
logo will be coming on shortly as you
can see it did it's what we do here is
we just wait for it to load and I'm
right here I'm just going to be quiet
for saying so don't think the thing
frozen anything
okay as you can see phone boot up fine
now to enter recovery mode you'll
probably if you have a doc you'll
probably want to take it off and
disconnect the cable from it is what
you're going to do is you're going to
turn all the way off disconnect the
cable weight forward to finish
completely shutting down
now you're going to press and hold the
home button right here and connect it at
the same time and continue to hold this
continue to hold the home button and
tell an alert message with this comes on
now to get out of this you will hold you
will do it just like you'd be putting
into dfu mode but you're just going to
completely and totally hold it for 15
seconds and then you're going to turn
the you're just going to press the power
button after it goes in go one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten now
we're going to hold up power button or
actually no it doesn't even look like
they have do that now if the recovery
mode does come back up what you can do
is you're actually going to put it into
legitimate dfu mode as I've shown in a
previous video we'll have a link to that
in the description down there oh wait
I'm going to go ahead and plug my thing
back in
as you can see phone active and working
you saw it in recovery mode and out of
recovery mode so now that you know
that's how you do it thanks for watching